Add the Salary Survey and 2020 Community Update (#1333)
writethedocs/www: docs/blog/2020-community-update.rst

.. post:: Sep 7, 2020
   :tags: stats, newsletter
   :author: Eric Holscher

Write the Docs 2020 Community Update
====================================

Hey there documentarians!

The newsletter team is taking September off as usual,
but there's still plenty going on in the community.

> We're sending out a update to let you know about a few things we're working on while they take a much deserved break.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're sending out this update to let you know what else is going on behind the scenes on while they take a much deserved break.
```

We're looking forward to seeing everyone online for our `Prague <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/2020/>`_ on October 18-20 in the CEST timezone.
We're also getting excited about our upcoming `Australia & India <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2020/>`_ conference on December 3-4 in the AEDT timezone.
The talks were just announced for Prague, and the CFP is open for a little while longer for Australia & India.

We also just recently wrapped up our first online Portland conference.
We had around 600 people join us to make this another memorable event.
The `videos <https://www.writethedocs.org/videos/portland/2020/>`_ are now online from that conference.

Salary Survey
-------------

> We were amazed by the response to our Salary Survey last year.

Reviewer: Do we wanna link to the results and say how many folks responded?

> We are excited to launch our new :doc:`2020 Salary Survey </surveys/salary-survey-sep-2020>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to launch our new :doc:`2020 Salary Survey </surveys/salary-survey-sep-2020>`.
```

something something that isn't excited? "This year we're back with "?

This annual survey, run by the Write the Docs community, aims to gather data about salaries for people working in documentation and related fields around the world. `Results of the inaugural survey <https://www.writethedocs.org/surveys/salary-survey/2019/>`_ are available on the our website.

We hope that this data can help our community members determine what appropriate salary ranges are, and provide a benchmark for future employment-related decisions and negotiations.
Additionally, we’re hoping the results spark discussion of employment-related trends and issues in our industry, including but not limited to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The survey is broken up into 5 sections.
It should take between 5 and 10 minutes to complete,
so we hope that you'll `fill it out <https://2020-salary-survey.writethedocs.org/>`_.

Community Shout Out
-------------------

The numbers of activities going on in the Write the Docs community grows each year.
Most of these are things are organized and run primarily by volunteers,
and we wanted to take time to show appreciation for these folks.

> We will certainly miss many of people doing great work around out community,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we can't mention every member of our extremely welcoming community, 
```
maybe?

> but we wanted to show appreciation for folks in particular who are working behind the scenes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we want to show particular appreciation for folks who are working behind the scenes.
```

Newsletter Team
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

First up, as seems fitting, is our Newsletter team.
Y'all probably know Beth,
who is our editor,
but there is an entire group working behind the scenes to write the articles each month.

> They are responsible for making this newsletter happen each month:

Reviewer: I'd like to reword this but don't have a helpful suggestion

* `Beth Aitman <https://twitter.com/baitman>`_
* `Hillary Fraley <https://github.com/hillaryfraley>`_
* `Jennifer Rondeau <https://twitter.com/bradamante>`_
* `Claire Lundeby <https://twitter.com/clairelundeby>`_
* `Elle Jones <https://twitter.com/party_parrot18>`_
* `Kyla del Rosario <https://kyladelrosario.com/>`_

Moderation Team
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Next is our Slack moderators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next are our Slack moderators.
```

They do a ton of work to make sure the Slack network stays a welcoming place and people feel good about interacting:

* `Jennifer Rondeau <https://twitter.com/bradamante>`_
* `Janine Chan <https://www.linkedin.com/in/janinechan/>`_
* `Daniel Beck <https://twitter.com/ddbeck>`_
* `Mike Jang <https://twitter.com/themikejang>`__
* `Eric Holscher <https://twitter.com/ericholscher>`_
* `Samuel Wright <https://twitter.com/plaindocs>`_

Meetup Coordination Team
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> There are too many meetup organizers to list across our lovely community.

Reviewer: Link to meetup page

Y'all get to know them at each meetup that you go to,
but behind the scenes there are folks who are doing coordination to make our meetup community stronger.
That is the job of the meetup coordination team,
and our meetups wouldn't be as useful without them:

* `Rose Williams <https://twitter.com/ZelWms>`_
* `Margaret Eker <https://twitter.com/meker>`_
* `Mike Jang <https://twitter.com/TheMikeJang>`_

> * `Swapnil Ogale <https://twitter.com/swapnilogale>`_ (APAC)

Reviewer: Seems odd to put the APAC here

Author: Yea, just copied from the team page, removed.

Support Team
~~~~~~~~~~~~

This team is responsible for answering all the various emails that get sent to us at Write the Docs.
There have been 773 emails so far this year,

> so this is a huge task that is ongoing throughout the year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so this is a huge ongoing task.
```

* `Sasha Romijn <https://twitter.com/mxsash>`_
* `Samuel Wright <https://twitter.com/plaindocs>`_

Featured jobs
-------------

.. TODO

*To apply for these job, or post your own, visit the* `Write the Docs job board <https://jobs.writethedocs.org/>`_.

Thanks
------

Thanks again for subscribing to our newsletter and being a member of our community.

> We hope to see you in person soon at one of our events,
> or continue to see you online via this newsletter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope to see you soon at one of our online events, on our slack, 
or continue to see you here via this newsletter.
```

.. post:: Sep 7, 2020
   :tags: stats, newsletter
   :author: Eric Holscher

> Write the Docs 2020 Community Update

Reviewer 2: Not sure why the "2020" is here, this feels like a mid-year update. IMO we can remove it and still get the message across

> Write the Docs 2020 Community Update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write the Docs Community Update
```

====================================

Hey there documentarians!

The newsletter team is taking September off as usual,
but there's still plenty going on in the community.
This update covers what else is going on behind the scenes while they take a much deserved break.

We're looking forward to seeing everyone online for our `Prague <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/2020/>`_ on October 18-20 in the CEST timezone.
We're also getting excited about our upcoming `Australia & India <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2020/>`_ conference on December 3-4 in the AEDT timezone.
The talks were just announced for Prague, and the CFP is open for a little while longer for Australia & India.

We also just recently wrapped up our first online Portland conference.
We had around 600 people join us to make this another memorable event.

> The `videos <https://www.writethedocs.org/videos/portland/2020/>`_ are now online from that conference.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `videos <https://www.writethedocs.org/videos/portland/2020/>`_ from the conference are now available online.
```

Salary Survey
-------------

We have now launched our :doc:`2020 Salary Survey <https://2020-salary-survey.writethedocs.org/>`.
We were amazed by the response to our Salary Survey last year,
with `650 responses <https://www.writethedocs.org/surveys/salary-survey/2019/>`_ and a lot of interesting data that came out of it.

This annual survey, run by the Write the Docs community, aims to gather data about salaries for people working in documentation and related fields around the world. `Results of the inaugural survey <https://www.writethedocs.org/surveys/salary-survey/2019/>`_ are available on the our website.

We hope that this data can help our community members determine what appropriate salary ranges are, and provide a benchmark for future employment-related decisions and negotiations.
Additionally, we’re hoping the results spark discussion of employment-related trends and issues in our industry, including but not limited to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.

> The survey is broken up into 5 sections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The survey is divided to 5 sections.
```

> The survey is broken up into 5 sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The survey is divided into 5 sections.
```

Reviewer: @thatdocslady :-p

It should take between 5 and 10 minutes to complete,
so we hope that you'll `fill it out <https://2020-salary-survey.writethedocs.org/>`_.

Community Shout Out
-------------------

The numbers of activities going on in the Write the Docs community grows each year.

> Most of these are things are organized and run primarily by volunteers,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most of these are organized and run primarily by volunteers,
```

> and we wanted to take time to show appreciation for these folks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and we wanted to take the time to show appreciation for these folks.
```

* `Daniel Beck <https://twitter.com/ddbeck>`_
* `Mike Jang <https://twitter.com/themikejang>`__
* `Eric Holscher <https://twitter.com/ericholscher>`_
* `Samuel Wright <https://twitter.com/plaindocs>`_

Meetup Coordination Team
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There are too many `meetup organizers <https://www.writethedocs.org/meetups/>`_ to list across our lovely community.
Y'all get to know them at each meetup that you go to,
but behind the scenes there are folks who are doing coordination to make our meetup community stronger.
That is the job of the meetup coordination team,
and our meetups wouldn't be as useful without them:

* `Rose Williams <https://twitter.com/ZelWms>`_
* `Margaret Eker <https://twitter.com/meker>`_
* `Mike Jang <https://twitter.com/TheMikeJang>`_
* `Swapnil Ogale <https://twitter.com/swapnilogale>`_

Support Team
~~~~~~~~~~~~

This team is responsible for answering all the various emails that get sent to us at Write the Docs.
There have been 773 emails so far this year,
so this is a huge ongoing task done by these folks:

* `Sasha Romijn <https://twitter.com/mxsash>`_
* `Samuel Wright <https://twitter.com/plaindocs>`_

> Featured jobs

Reviewer 2: Anything that should go here?

Reviewer: yes

> 

Reviewer 3: CFPs closed last night (14 Sept) and we will be aiming to announce speakers by end of Sept, with the schedule published mid-Oct.

Reviewer: Good catch mate
